Golang updates: Move cross-compile to develop tutorial; clean-up develop tutorial (#75)
canonical/ubuntu-for-developers-docs: docs/tutorials/go-use.md

    Hey Go!
    ```

5. To build a binary of your program that can run on its own, use the `go build` command:

    ```none
    go build .
    ```

>     This will create a new executable file called `heygo` in the current directory:

Reviewer: I'm trying to keep it to the present tense.
```suggestion
    This creates a new executable file called `heygo` in the current directory:
```

```none
export GOOS=windows GOARCH=amd64
```

This causes `go build` to create a `hello.exe` binary that runs on Windows:

```none
go build .
```

```{terminal}
:dir: ~/heygo
:user: dev
:host: ubuntu
:input: ls

go.mod  heygo  heygo.exe  heygo.go
```

### Building for multiple targets

For a full list of targets, run:

```none
go tool dist list
```

For this example, filter the output to Windows and Linux on `amd`:

```none
go tool dist list | grep 'amd' | grep -E 'windows|linux'
```

Create a `Makefile` that automatically sets the build environment and creates executable binaries for both Windows and Linux platforms:

```{code-block} make
:caption: `Makefile`
:linenos:
EXE=heygo
WINDOWS=$(EXE)_win_amd64.exe
LINUX=$(EXE)_linux_amd64

.PHONY: all clean

all: windows linux

windows: $(WINDOWS)
linux: $(LINUX)

$(WINDOWS):
	env GOOS=windows GOARCH=amd64 go build -v -o $(WINDOWS) -ldflags="-s -w" ./heygo.go

$(LINUX):
	env GOOS=linux GOARCH=amd64 go build -v -o $(LINUX) -ldflags="-s -w" ./heygo.go

clean:
	rm -f $(WINDOWS) $(LINUX)
```

Generate the builds and test the Linux build:

```none
make all
./heygo_linux_amd64
```

:::{note}

> If you encounter a "`Command 'make' not found`" error, install [make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/) by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter a `Command 'make' not found` error, install [make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/) by running:
```
